{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17740\viewh11220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What's this?
\b0 \
\
It's a clock. A simple, floating analog clock that sits on your desktop any where you'd like to put it. It works on Mac OS X 10.6 and up. It may run on 10.5, but only on Intel machines.\
\

\b Why?
\b0 \
\
Because Apple got rid of that option in the stock clock with the release of Leopard (Mac OS X 10.5) on October 26, 2007. Some people like it.\
\

\b Pretty boring, isn't it?
\b0 \
\
Well, yeah. You can customize it a bit if you open the Preferences window with a control-click or right-click on a clock face. There's really not much to do to a clock and still leave it useful, though. If you've got some ideas, send them along. Happy to consider enhancements. There's a big to-do list for 2.0.\
\

\b It all ended in tears.
\b0 \
\
So you activated the click-through mode and then hid the menu bar icon, and then realized you wanted to change something, eh? Okay, so here's what you do:\
1. Open the Activity Monitor application and use it to tell SFC to quit.\
2. Open a terminal window and enter the command "defaults delete com.splook.SimpleFloatingClock SFCShowStatusItem" and hit the return key.\
You can now relaunch SFC and find the icon back in the menu bar.\
\

\b Alright. How much?
\b0 \
\
Nothing. Nada. Zip. It's free, just like Jeffrey White asked for when he wrote to MacInTouch. Now, that said I certainly wouldn't mind joyful tears of appreciation directed my way, or small donations via PayPal to gweston@mac.com or Greg Weston, PO Box 54, Avon CT 06001. But that's utterly up to you.\
}